our suffering my dear there's not enough
Scotch in the world for that a little
novella
I'm calling none of your goddamn
business well you were invited to stay
here for a few days we can find a place
Shirley has these bouts just gone sick
in the head I read your story what are
you doing
it made me feel thrillingly horrible do
you know what it's like to have a secret
what are you up to that girl what do you
think tried in a bit trashy but turned
give it a go I like you Rosie can I
trust you I feel like we're in the
Scottish play on the verge of madness
what we'll see their secret looks
I'm counting down from 3 3 2 1
oh you've done it
what becomes of your dear heroine what
happens to all lost girls
I like your tattoos what are those
numbers on your arm oh that's the date
my dad died he was a fireman died in a
fire 17 years ago oh my god I'm so sorry
don't be it's fine
knock knock who's there you can't focus
on Scott anymore honey he's 24 years old
Marjorie
let that bird fly please don't
worry mom
you know your daughter got smart and
went to college in a band but I'm still
here I'm gonna be here forever yeah I
want to become a real tattoo artist your
work is mad and consist them Obama a
right I love your tattoo is this is my
favorite I've been dating someone for a
little while now the first guy you date
in 17 years is a fireman just like that
you don't think that's weird
you're gonna have to pull your weight a
little more around here maybe help ray
get his kids to school Kelly do you know
him he's a new friend
you okay you know you could tell me okay
well I trained her in the car she's not
gonna break you ever think about putting
on the jacket
why would you even ask me that it's fun
being a fireman it's fine if you don't
have kids cuz you don't know if you're
gonna come home and not and then your
kids are up you make everyone
around you feel crazy people are normal
then they hang out with you and then
that Jack Nicholson in the
shining or something to around pool
you're like eight feet tall let
me tell you something your dad was a
hero and heroes are necessary and they
should be allowed to have families
you gotta get your together time is
passing by very quickly why do you think
I smoke weed all the time so I could
slow it down
Christian everybody's always
disappointed in me and I never live up
to anybody's expectations hey thanks for
listening all of us you're one of the
few people who treat me you know like a
person
well I fellas let's do this
my name is Danny Trejo you might have
seen me once in a while
desperado heat dust till dawn Con Air
which I take they make movies and
stories about guys like him Danny is
that guy Danny was in a high-stakes
world from a very young age addicted to
heroin since he was 12 he was just a kid
caught up in the game I had a sawed-off
shotgun then the anger Nate I buried him
I told my mom be real careful in the
backyard
[Laughter]
this is a guy who's seen death just to
get to 16 years old like the Wild West
you're gonna be our brim Oh be a
criminal 24 hours a day
Wow his name rang through every prison
they knew he was coming
they always knew he was coming I'm gonna
be top predator no matter what it's
clear gonna kill me I made a promise to
myself start trying to do good I became
a drug counselor an opportunity to help
somebody one night got him into his
first movie
my career took off immediately the first
five years I just played inmate number
one solo number one essay number one
number ten
Eddie bunker a screenwriter goes you're
Danny Trejo this is we're not movies
that people are afraid now what is it
why me Quinn and I were coming up with a
bunch of fake trailers I said I got a
fake trailer it's machete
it changed the paradigm of who could be
a leading man
everything good that has happened to me
has happened as a direct result of help
with someone else it's the idea that I
can evolve that's Danny's life
[Music]
you've come from Ethiopia where were you
born when I was seven years old my
parents took me to a Sufi shrine they
left me there they never came back the
refugee or a federal agency will arrange
for long-term housing when will she be
back see once I didn't know them then
you have a lot to learn
must be nice to have this place all to
yourself I didn't ask for it
you didn't have to when we come together
we tell each other our stories I don't
have much to tell
do you know this man who is the doctor
to you come away with me just say yes
[Music]
the house has been washed if I'm taking
they might come for you next time I
promise I'll come find you
[Music]
the soldiers beat him until he was broke
in the hospital life he would be able to
look at me doing excellent oh yes that
was meant to be a contract how do we
find each other
the Ethiopian family reunification
Association no such thing however is now
we can do this together
I need to know you are somewhere safe
heart my heart a very old friend
[Music]
you are full of surprises English girl
forgive me I'll bring you here
[Music]
what are you doing
scared me Hey hi beau do repairs check
on the house what happened the window
[Music]
you should be careful why there are
people out there that'll take advantage
of you have you let them why would I let
them should be careful just now you
think she is hurting me don't do
anything stupid
what's wrong with you
what are you doing so you're supposed to
be watching me burn this whole
house down
[Music]
and fall back
you're gonna break my heart I've never
broken one single heart
[Music]
to ask you this I'm trying to put some
money together to get a bed in the
shelter and they got fifty fifty that's
too much I can consider if I give you
fifty years to do something for me
[Music]
this is a style I was going for rap
styles it was a different person
what have you done with my daughter I
killed her you make a habit of be
friendly girls and a significantly
younger than yourself oh my god
your loves obsessed with her boy she's a
smart girl
we love that boy had problems so what
are you looking at
hey stop oh no it's right here
love cause I white better than the one
that I gave you I'll do anything can he
please stay I don't like it Oh
Melo should have the world of favor I
have no idea what you're feeling I can't
feel anything because I can't breathe
take up all the air
I think something in you is strange
when I met you it was like you weren't
scared of anything I don't think the
world would be this big a win if we
become obsessed with functionality she's
gonna be
[Music]
this is the worst possible parenting I
could imagine good morning everybody my
name is dr. Miami I'm a plastic surgeon
and I'm a people feel better about their
bodies
watch Mina's ice snapshot my way through
Monday we started making videos on
YouTube and my daughter said dad why
don't you try snapchat it spread like a
like virally within a year we had a
million viewers a 2 million viewers
every day I'm the surgeon Rick Ross
Snoop Dogg 2 Chainz huge artists in
hip-hop and pop culture when they're
looking to explain plastic surgery or
the lyric they don't say plastic surgery
they say dr. Miami that's really cool to
me
me so freaking slow welcome back to the
afternoon we have a Brazilian butt lift
tummy tuck combination procedure for you
today women as young as 16 a mutilating
their bodies to try and fit with this
narrow definition of what it is to be
sexy I have been wanting a butt for your
boobs lips
long hair big round booties both in
projection and width say this I think
he's been and I think part of the vanity
comes from self-esteem I look so young I
look like a fetus there's a problem when
the entertainment becomes the most
important thing if I saw a pilot of a
commercial airline dancing around the
cockpit I probably wouldn't get on that
airline this stuff is inappropriate the
only legitimate criticism is if it
affects patient care anything else it's
not their taste is relevant get it right
leo
he's a religious Jew and he has very
strong values that's who he really is if
it got commands you to change the body
okay you change the body God made us our
bodies they're not even ours they're his
what weighs on me more than anything is
the idea that something catastrophic
could happen
[Music]
this is where God put me you know in
this place at this time all right take
the auction all right check the oxygen
tank
no one's ever died here don't break my
streak okay read for me honey the pecans
United sexuality didn't actually take
strike once again to see like what the
Cupra kid you got on your shop so can
watch the Sheraton parents I call Fisher
Rashad
[Music]
put on your coat is up of total
maternity to de-seed a girl's got a son
of hell Ganesha come to precision
unpermitted a commotion up reputed to
dr. Cesar one for the relay shouldn't
get you that startled who ever revealed
bassy aiya wish I was a shiny but it's a
professor Tube channel DVD she didn't
know hold of America
her picture is you meet with situation
we need personal available to humanity
Mulder Venice in Hunan coffee tea or
crucially ximena ramirez de velas
guillermo country massacres motive is
doing funny car now yeah you said one of
these two tours the cow Moos of the very
least rocky Khadija yeah loser Mickey
coot record see who's our packet awesome
but you know
dondochakka the Salukis even on days
episode arbitral more SP fidelity suku
assistance madam a professor on fedora
[Music]
stitch Cisco two of them
with today's technology we should be
able to hear another person's thoughts
it would be better if we had a human may
be human enough for me three what
must have been a power outage last night
when Oliver makes an incredible
discovery make live for the total
package brains personality and good
looks things will never be the same
hey worst like a genius so old ox
understand all humans
ah but you can't tell anybody that's
checkmate yummy arcing pay this tight
space
bake for you good luck at the fair now
he must make sure his new invention
this kid especially doesn't fall into
the wrong hands
oh my god it was you didn't I would do
anything to acquire this technology sit
you sure you're not hungry
wait what no one said there be snacks
they've got adventure my human is in
trouble and I need your help
Oh didn't know you're having an awesome
party down to a science
we are gonna save Oliver Gabriel Bateman
dude all mayor with Megan Fox and Josh
Duhamel
oh we make a good team Henry
[Music]
think like a dog
how do you get this money you smell as
many butts as I have you tend to pick up
a few things
[Music]